# Lab 8 - Starter
**Genevieve Dietz**
1. I would fit the automated tests in the Recipe project development pipeline **within a Github action that runs whenever code is pushed** because this option minimizes the amount of code/manual testing you have to do yourself and these tests are automatically run whenever you push new changes in your code. You also don't have to worry about forgetting to run tests if you were doing it locally first. Running them all after all development is completed is a bad idea because if there are bugs in your code it will be harder to fix them once you've already written everything and expanded your code off of those bugs.
2. **No**, you would not use an end to end test to check if a function is returning the correct output.
3. **No**, I would not use a unit test to test the “message” feature of a messaging application, because like stated in the cons, unit testing cannot test how individual components interact with each other on an application/feature level. Testing the "message" feature of a messaging application shouldn't be done using small scale testing and cannot be executed quickly. A unit test would not be able to cover all the possibilities that a user could write and send to another user using this messaging feature.
4. **Yes**, I would use a unit test to test the “max message length” feature of a messaging application because this is a straightforward test that only requires preventing the user from typing more characters than the specified "max message length." This can be debugged on a small scale without many moving parts, can be executed quickly, and likely won’t affect the non-related unit tests.
